Add May Meetup (#20)
pytexas/meetup: docs/index.md

## Upcoming PyTexas Meetups

### _June Meetup - June 4, 2024_
![Zvi Boshernitzan Avatar](./assets/images/ZviBoshernitzan.jpg){: style="height:200px;width:175px" align=left}

#### _Talk_:  Chuck Norris vs AI - Zvi Boshernitzan

I'll be sharing my journey through a first project using using text embeddings, which can often be a great way to enhance an unconventional data set with dated references.

> _Zvi Boshernitzan is an software engineer / technologist in austin focused on emerging startups._

Reviewer: I suggest:
"Zvi Boshernitzan is a software engineer and technologist based in Austin and focuses on emerging startups."

Author: I think this was fixed in Mason's comment.

> _Zvi Boshernitzan is an software engineer / technologist in austin focused on emerging startups._

Reviewer 2: Always recommend using this feature. If y'all like it, one clicky commits it :)
```suggestion
Zvi Boshernitzan is a software engineer and technologist based in Austin and focuses on emerging startups.
```

Reviewer 3: This is my first time learning of this feature; I love it.

Author: Any reason we're not italicizing the text this time? We did previously with Moshe's.

> Zvi Boshernitzan is a software engineer and technologist based in Austin and focuses on emerging startups.

Reviewer 2: @dijital20 is right. Make italic
```suggestion
_Zvi Boshernitzan is a software engineer and technologist based in Austin and focuses on emerging startups._
```
